AST-966 - Test button presets with third party plugins like WooCommerce (#3764)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- New: WooCommerce - Added cart Margin and Padding spacing option.
- Improvement: Added a new filter 'astra_web_stories_position' to change the position of web stories.
- Fix: Responsive color options from 'color-group-control' are hiding when trying to set them in responsive devices.

> - Fix: Fixed Button settings options are not working in customizer preview for WooCommerce buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Global button design options are not working in customizer preview for WooCommerce & LifterLMS buttons.
```

Author: Changes done!

> - Fix: Global button design options are not working in customizer preview for WooCommerce & LifterLMS buttons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix: Global button design options are not working in customizer preview for WooCommerce buttons.
```

Author: Changes done!
